My logs say Svenn first suggested Newt, supported by jupp, bwtmc, Dav,
   MegaNova and he was eventually invited/added by bwtmc. Bwtmc was
   also the one that brought his inactivity to my attention. He last
   spoke on the 20th, which fits with his growth graph. His last
   action was to change nick to Newt|Manchester, so he might just have
   gone away without telling anyone. We should probably ask around (or
   preferably, get someone to ask around) before kicking him. 

I'm beginning to ponder an invite/buddy based system in which the
   inviter is basically obliged to 'look after' their buddy. I'm
   pretty sure I could code it into Munin decently. Something along
   the lines of:

!buddies - lists all people you have invited
!invite <p-nick> - adds person to channel with access 399*, gives them
   100 on Munin, sends an alert to the channel, adds the person to the
   inviter's buddy-list, and deducts one invte from the inviter's
   pool. 
!give-invites - HC access command that's used to dole out invites. Can
   be user specific or general. 
Plus various papertrail commands. 
* 400 wouldn't be necessary and would make it possible to ruin the
   paper trail

This has the advantage of being easy to trace, places an automatic
   limit on generation spamming, plus implicitely gives older members
   more 'vouching power' than newer ones without stating that the new
   members are worth 'less' (like any senior/junior system would). I
   don't think now would be a good time to implement this, but perhaps
   for next round. 

Btw, I've also added everyone as asc to Munin's intel DB, if we can
   figure out a way to check idleness (no XP gains in X ticks?) I can
   make a cronjob that lists them up (or even meaner, spams them into
   #ascendancy for e-penis competition value).
------------------------------------
Agree with kicking KweKweK.  Newt was recruited when he was doing very
   well, but hasn't done anything since.  I don't think he adds
   anything to the alliance community.  Who vouched him in?  Perhaps
   we could ask them what he's up to.


------------------------------------
We have a few people dropping off, it seems. KweKweK was last seen by
   P 11 days ago and his planet is listed as 88 ticks idle. I suggest
   we kick him when we next add a member, along with a reason like
   'you can reapply when you start playing again :)' or similar. Newt
   also looks pretty idle on sandmans, but he has some autoconnect
   thing going on IRC, so it's harder to tell. 

I've also cleared removing Dav and JBG from tag with them, but I think
   they're big enough that we'll need to add 2 people to compensate
   for the score loss. It was fairly obvious yesterday when I removed
   bwtmc and added NitinA.

Java + open source/free software is a fantastic headache. I'm trying
   to get Ant (build tool ala make) to work with java and ANTLR
   (scanner/parser generator) and it's making me want to kill
   someone. Gosling perhaps. 


----

Hugin fails on first run due to missing tick.


CREATE DATABASE patools16 WITH ENCODING = 'LATIN1';

Max access available on a channel.